.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH GENENGA 1 "September 21, 2012"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
genenga \- generate LaTeX of destination information of Japanese new year card.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B genenga
.RI [ options ] " address_list"
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B genenga
commands.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics,
.\" respectively.
\fBGenenga\fP is a command line tool for generating LaTeX of destination information of Japanese new year card. Destination information is called "Atena", New year card is called "Nenga\-jo" in Japanese. Genenga generates LaTeX from address list formatted with CSV. The format of CSV is follows;

 * target_flag
 * PersonLastName
 * PersonFirstName
 * PartnerOfPersonFirstName
 * Adddress
 * Adddress2
 * PostalCode1
 * PostalCode2
 * PostalCode3
 * PostalCode4
 * PostalCode5
 * PostalCode6
 * PostalCode7

Target_flag is 0 or 1, 0 is excepted as target of "Atena". PartnerOfPersonFullName is optional. The value of colomns are required except of PartnerOfPersonFullName. PostalCode is Japanese format, that is seven numbers.

.SH OPTIONS
These programs follow the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
A summary of options is included below.
For a complete description, see the Info files.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-version
Show program's version number.
.TP
.B \-d DESTDIR, \-\-destdir DESTDIR
Specify destination directory path of output
.TP
.B \-t TEMPLATE_PATH, \-\-template_path TEMPLATE_PATH
Specify template path of pystache.
.TP
.B address_list
Specify CSV file as address list.
.TP
.SH SEE ALSO
.br
The programs are documented by
.IR "README" ,
available via the Info system.
.SH AUTHOR
genenga was written by Kouhei Maeda <mkouhei@palmtb.net>.
.PP
This manual page was written by Kouhei Maeda <mkouhei@palmtb.net>.
for the Debian project (and may be used by others).
